[DOCS] Improvements on how_to_edit_expectationsuite guide (#8096)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/expectations/how_to_edit_an_existing_expectationsuite.md

```python name="tests/integration/docusaurus/expectations/how_to_edit_an_expectation_suite save_suite"
```

> Do not forget to overwrite the `validator` (or create a new one) from the updated context with `context.get_validator()`, otherwise your expectation suite changes will not be reflected on the validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 9. Add changes to the Validator

To add your Expectation Suite changes to the Validator, run the following command to overwrite or create a new `validator` parameter from the updated context:

`context.get_validator()`
```
